the song I told you about the reaction i
think that was awesome for the program i
think is awesome for the university what
an excellent opportunity for these young
people hey I'm really thankful and I
can't really put it into words and be
able to be a part of such a historic
moment the university just your
excitement I mean with something we've
worked for all season long especially
this season and everything everyone's
dreamed of like those you decide you
want to play the college level being
part of the division won NCAA
tournaments just a dream come true
saying where we ranked up was just
exciting we're just so happy to be part
of this and far the community
we couldn't ask for a better I can't ask
for better group of people to do it with
like i said this community is always
going to support us have our rack and
we're ready to go Bernie go play in
Texas it'll be a kind of fun of Texas
A&M has a great crowd great facility
it'll be fun to go in there and just
play our game we play some big teams
already this year it'll be fun to see
how much we've been group I just got
goosebumps actually I don't even know it
it's insane I can't even I can't even
describe it I mean I've been wanted to
play it you andy says that was however
young and I'm so happy that I made it
they will play their hearts out at the
University of North Dakota I can promise
you that not always in a be glamorous in
order to stick together just like North
Dakota we always stick together und way
that's the best way don't ever forget it
thank you God bless you indeed